---
title: Web3
---

Web3 is a shift in the way we use the internet. 

Let's look at a bit of history to understand how web3 is changing the landscape of modern applications.

## Web1

The first version of the web was a read-only web. Every site on the internet was a static site, meaning that 
it was mostly text for you to read. There might have been an input form here and there where you could submit
information, but that was about it.

You did not have a way to create content for the web. In order to create content, you had to be a web developer
and know how to write code.

> Web 1 was a place to read and consume digital information.

## Web2

The web you know today is a read-write web. You can read content, but you can also create content. You can create an 
account on a variety of sites and create content for the web directly from your browser, which will then be distributed
to the rest of the world.

This change let the internet explode with content as anyone could create content for the web.

> Web2 is a place to read, consume, and create digital information.

## Web3

Web3 is a read-write-own web. You can read content, create content, and own content. Ownership comes with a variety of
other features like governance and monetization, and also requires certain features like decentralization, transparency, and 
immutability.

Web3 is a shift in the way we use the internet. It is a shift from centralized services, ownership, and control to
decentralized alternatives. It is a shift from a few companies owning and controlling the internet to a community of
users owning and controlling the internet.

> Web3 is a place to read, consume, create, and own digital information.


