---
title: Leap 5.0 Upgrade Guide
---

The 5.0 upgrade follows the general upgrade guide. You can find it [here](./01_general-upgrade-guide.md).

The information below is specific to the 5.0 upgrade and outlines only configuration option changes.

## Configuration Options

### Transaction Time Windows Configuration Change

These updates are based on performance testing along with empirical data.
In production environments, we have noticed cases of transactions exceeding the 30ms limit, and recommend 
increasing the time window. With the addition of read_only transaction 
in Leap 4.0 the time limits should be increased to make full use of the read_only feature.

```text
read-only-read-window-time-us to 165,000 (165ms) 
max-transaction-time to 151 (151ms) 
```

### New config options
- `http-category-address` can be used to configure all addresses in command line and ini file. The option can be used multiple times as needed.
- `disable-replay-opts` is automatically set to true if state history plugin is enabled. Can be used as a CLI option as well.

### New commmand line options

- `sync-peer-limit` can limit the number of peers to sync from. The Default value is 3.
- `eos-vm-oc-enable` has a new mode `auto` which automatically uses OC when building blocks, applying blocks, executing transactions from HTTP or P2P, and executing contracts on eosio.* accounts (eosio, eosio.token, eosio.ibc, and eosio.evm). `eos-vm-oc-enable=auto` is the new default.


### Modified option behavior
- Specify `--p2p-listen-endpoint` and `--p2p-server-address` multiple times
- `sync-fetch-span` default changed from `100` to `1000`
- `read-only-transaction-threads` can now be set to a max of 128
- `abi-serializer-max-time-ms` has been updated to limit time spent serializaing object on the main thread, and deserializing single objects on the HTTP threads.
- The default value of `http-max-response-time-ms` has been changed from 30ms to 15ms

